Addon: addon docs for 1.7 (#1123)
oam-dev/kubevela.io: docs/platform-engineers/addon/addon-cue.md

We just use namespace as example here, other resources of an operator can also be defined in KubeVela application in the same way. This also gives your addon re-usability and validation capability powered by the CUE.

## Notes info (`NOTES.cue`)

The `NOTES.cue` file allows you to display dynamic notifications once the addon has been enabled, based on specified parameters.

For example, you can write the `NOTES.cue` as shown below:

```cue
info: parameter.message

notes: (info)
```

and `parameter.cue` as shown below:

```cue
paramters: {
	message: *"Welcome to use this addon!" | string 
}
```

Once the addon is enabled using the CLI, you will see this information in your console:

```text

> Welcome to use this addon!

Reviewer: ```
info: string

if !parameter.pluginOnly {
	info: """
		By default, the backstage app is strictly serving in the domain `127.0.0.1:7007`, check it by:
		            
		    vela port-forward addon-backstage -n vela-system
		
		You can build your own backstage app if you want to use it in other domains. 
		"""
}
if parameter.pluginOnly {
	info: "You can use the endpoint of 'backstage-plugin-vela' in your own backstage app by configuring the 'vela.host', refer to example https://github.com/wonderflow/vela-backstage-demo."
}
notes: (info)

```

Reviewer: Use this kinds of example make it reasonable

We just use namespace as example here, other resources of an operator can also be defined in KubeVela application in the same way. This also gives your addon re-usability and validation capability powered by the CUE.

## Notes info (`NOTES.cue`)

The `NOTES.cue` file allows you to display dynamic notifications once the addon has been enabled, based on specified parameters.

For example, you can write the `NOTES.cue` as shown below:

```cue
info: string

if !parameter.pluginOnly {
	info: """
		By default, the backstage app is strictly serving in the domain `127.0.0.1:7007`, check it by:
		            
		    vela port-forward addon-backstage -n vela-system
		
		You can build your own backstage app if you want to use it in other domains. 
		"""
}
if parameter.pluginOnly {
	info: "You can use the endpoint of 'backstage-plugin-vela' in your own backstage app by configuring the 'vela.host', refer to example https://github.com/wonderflow/vela-backstage-demo."
}
notes: (info)
```

and `parameter.cue` as shown below:

```cue
paramters: {
	pluginOnly: *false | string 
}
```

> Once the addon is enabled using the CLI, you will see this information in your console:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the addon is enabled using the CLI, you will see different information in your console according to the parameter specified:
```

```text

> By default, the backstage app is strictly serving in the domain `127.0.0.1:7007`, check it by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ vela addon enable experimental/backstage
...
By default, the backstage app is strictly serving in the domain `127.0.0.1:7007`, check it by:
```

另一个命令的结果也展示一下
